[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE OF
A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO SEARCH
FOR HIS OWN PATH, EVEN AS FATE
BETRAYS HIM.
THE WAR BETWEEN THE SPIRAL RACES
AND THE ANTI‐SPIRAL RACE...
THIS WAS THE ROOT CAUSE
OF EVERYTHING.
IN ORDER TO EXTERMINATE
HUMANITY, THE ANTI‐SPIRALS SENT
THE MOON PLUMMETING
TOWARDS EARTH.
IT WAS SIMON AND HIS FELLOW TEAM
GURREN MEMBERS WHO TRIGGERED
THIS CALAMITY.
WILL THEIR STRUGGLE FOR FREEDOM
LEAD TO MANKIND’S DOWNFALL?
HAVING LOST NIA, SIMON IS
SHACKLED BY THE HANDCUFFS
OF DESPAIR.
[crowd clamoring]
>> GIVE US SIMON!
>> MAKE HIM PAY FOR WHAT HE DID!
>> HE WAS NEVER A HERO!
>> SIMON IS THE CAUSE OF
ALL THIS!
>> IT’S ALL THAT SIMON’S FAULT
THAT THE MOON IS GOING TO FALL
ON US!
>> Simon: ROSSIU...
TELL ME WHY.
>> Rossiu: THE CITIZENS WHO WERE
EVACUATED TO THE PARLIAMENT
TOWER HAD BEGUN TO RIOT.
THEY SAY OUR DEFEAT OF
LORDGENOME IS WHAT SET THIS
CATASTROPHE IN MOTION
AND THAT TEAM DAI‐GURREN IS TO
BLAME FOR THE MOON FALLING
FROM THE SKY.
THE PEOPLE ARE DIRECTING THEIR
ANGER AT THE NEW GOVERNMENT.
YOUR CONVERSATION WITH NIA WAS
BROADCAST LIVE ACROSS
THE WORLD.
EVERY CITIZEN NOW KNOWS THAT THE
MOON WILL SLAM INTO THE EARTH
IN THREE WEEKS’ TIME.
ALSO THE ENTIRE CITY WAS PRIVY
TO YOUR FOOLISH AND RECKLESS
FIGHT EARLIER.
I CAN NO LONGER PROTECT YOU.
>> Simon: PROTECT ME?
>> THIS IS THE GUY!
IT’S ALL HIS FAULT!
>> TEAR IT DOWN!
>> Rossiu: IN THE EYES OF THE
CITIZENS, YOU ARE NOW NO
DIFFERENT FROM LORDGENOME,
SIMON, IN WHICH CASE, WE MUST
PUNISH YOU IN THE SAME MANNER,
EXACTLY AS WE DID WITH
LORDGENOME TO CONTAIN OUR ANGER
BACK THEN.
[metal clanking]
[door slams]
PLEASE WAIT HERE UNTIL IT IS
TIME FOR YOUR TRIAL.
>> Simon: TRIAL?
>> Rossiu: WE ARE NOW A NATION
OF LAWS.
QUESTIONS OF WAR CRIMES ARE TO
BE SETTLED IN A TRIAL.
>> Simon: FIRST IT WAS
GOD’S RULES.
NOW IT’S THE LAW.
YOU’RE A MAN WHO LOVES TO BE
TIED DOWN, AREN’T YOU?
>> Rossiu: WE HAVE ALWAYS MADE
PROGRESS ON THE SACRIFICES OF
THE THOSE WHO CAME BEFORE US.
LIKE MY MOTHER...
AND KAMINA.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Rossiu: IT’S TRUE,
KAMINA’S DEATH MADE US ALL
A LOT STRONGER.
IT WAS THANKS TO HIS SACRIFICE
THAT WE WON THAT BATTLE.
>> Simon: HOLD IT RIGHT THERE.
ARE YOU TRYING TO TELL ME
THAT IT’S A GOOD THING THAT
MY BRO DIED?
>> Rossiu: BASED ON THE OUTCOME,
THEN YES, I AM.
>> Simon: JUST SHUT UP!
IN CASE YOU DIDN’T KNOW, THERE’S
JUST SOME THINGS YOU CAN’T SAY!
YOU BASTARD! HEY!
DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT?!
[Simon grunting]
>> Rossiu: YOU ARE EXACTLY LIKE
KAMINA WAS IN THE OLD DAYS.
HAVE YOU LEARNED NOTHING FROM
HIS DEATH?
YOU HAVEN’T GROWN AT ALL.
I WILL KEEP YOUR CORE DRILL.
IT’S IRONIC, THE SOURCE OF
YOUR POWER WAS THE SEED OF
MANKIND’S DESTRUCTION.
>> Simon: ROSSIU, YOU WILL NEVER
UNDERSTAND WHAT BRO FELT INSIDE
OR WHAT HIS DEATH GAVE
TO ALL OF US.
HEH. THAT LOOK IN YOUR EYES...
IT’S EXACTLY THE SAME LOOK THAT
PRIEST BACK IN ADAI VILLAGE HAD
IN HIS EYES.
>> Rossiu: IT IS YOU WHO
UNDERSTANDS NOTHING, SIMON.
SEVEN YEARS, AND YOU HAVEN’T
EVEN TRIED TO CHANGE.
YOU’RE THE ONE.
>> Kiyal: SO IS IT TRUE WHAT
THEY’RE SAYING?
DID THEY REALLY ARREST SIMON?
>> Dayakka: IT’S TRUE.
>> Kiyal: WHY WOULD THEY DO
THAT?
THAT IS SO MESSED UP!
THAT JERK ROSSIU’S GONE
TOTALLY CRAZY!
>> Kiyoh: KIYAL, DON’T SHOUT
IN THE HOSPITAL.
>> Kiyal: SORRY.
>> Dayakka: ROSSIU’S MAKING
A CERTAIN AMOUNT OF SENSE.
AND MAYBE WHAT HE’S DONE TO
SIMON IS JUST MEANT TO BE
A TEMPORARY SOLUTION.
>> Kiyal: HMPH!
ROSSIU MIGHT HAVE COMMON SENSE,
BUT HE’S SO COLDHEARTED.
I REALLY CANNOT STAND THAT GUY.
I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THE HECK
KINON SEES IN HIM.
>> Kiyoh: KIYAL.
>> Kiyal: YOU KNOW, I DON’T GIVE
A DAMN HOW BUSY SHE IS.
I REALLY DON’T.
HOW CAN SHE NOT EVEN STOP BY
TO SEE ANNE?
KINON’S TOTALLY CHANGED, AND NOT
FOR THE BETTER.
>> Kiyoh: KIYAL!
>> Dayakka: NOW, NOW, KIYAL.
IT’S ONE THING TO TALK
LIKE THAT IN HERE, BUT DON’T
SAY THAT OUTSIDE.
THESE DAYS, THERE’S NO TELLING
WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN IF YOU SAY
THE WRONG THING.
[commotion and shouting]
>> SEND OUT SIMON!
THE GUY WHO’S RESPONSIBLE
HAS TO PAY!
>> YOU GOT A PLAN TO DEAL WITH
THE MOON FALLING?!
WHAT’S THE GOVERNMENT DOING?!
>> GIVE ME BACK MY HOUSE!
REIMBURSE ME!
>> I WANT MY PEACEFUL LIFE BACK!
>> Ron: THE MUGANN’S ENERGY
BARRIER CAN BE BREACHED BY USING
THE GIGA DRILL TO REFLECT ITS
BEAM BACK AT IT.
THE PROBLEM IS, HOW DO WE STOP
THE BODY ITSELF FROM EXPLODING?
[slurps]
>> Darry: THIS ENEMY’S TRICKY.
>> Gimmy: THE THING I STILL
DON’T GET IS THAT THE GRAPEARLS
ARE SUPERIOR TO GURREN LAGANN,
AREN’T THEY?
IT JUST DOESN’T SEEM RIGHT FOR
THE PROTOTYPE TO BE
MORE POWERFUL.
>> Ron: GOODNESS!
WHAT A THING TO SAY.
OH, YOU.
WHAT SHALL I DO TO CLOSE THAT
MOUTH OF YOURS?
>> Gimmy: SINCE I WAS A KID,
THIS IS THE ONE GUY I CAN’T
DEAL WITH.
>> Tetsukan: WHAT ABOUT SIMON?
WHAT DO YOU THINK’LL HAPPEN
TO HIM?
>> Ron: YOU MEAN HIS ARREST?
>> Artenborough: WILL HE
BE EXECUTED?!
>> Gimmy: COME ON, ARTENBOROUGH.
DON’T BE GETTING AHEAD
OF YOURSELF.
>> Ron: I THINK THAT ROSSIU HAS
SOMETHING UP HIS SLEEVE.
ANYWAY, WE CAN’T WORRY
ABOUT THAT.
OUR TASK AT HAND IS DEVELOPING
WEAPONS AGAINST OUR NEW ENEMIES.
>> Tetsukan: I GUESS IT’S NO
SLEEP FOR US UNTIL WE
COME UP WITH SOMETHING.
>> Ron: ARTENBOROUGH, TURN THIS
NEW REPORT IN TO ROSSIU,
WOULD YOU?
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
[yelping]
>> Ron: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
I ASKED YOU TO TURN IN THE
REPORT, NOT TURN ME!
WAIT! TURNING...
COULD IT REALLY BE?
ARTENBOROUGH, SHOW US
THAT IMAGE AGAIN!
>> Artenborough: YOU GOT IT!
>> Ron: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THAT’S NOT WHAT I ASKED YOU!
>> Guinble: WE’VE COMPLETED
SURVEYING THE SURVIVING
UNDERGROUND CITIES.
SCATTERED AROUND THE WORLD,
THERE ARE 36 CITIES OVER 1,000
METERS UNDERGROUND, EACH CAPABLE
OF WITHSTANDING THE LUNAR
IMPACT.
ALL TOGETHER, THEY CAN HOLD
UP TO 640,000 PEOPLE.
>> Kinon: GREAT NEWS.
THAT’S SO MUCH MORE THAN WE
EXPECTED.
>> Rossiu: I SUPPOSE THAT WE
OWE A DEBT OF GRATITUDE
TO THE HUMANS OF THE PAST
WHOSE CIVILIZATIONS SO EXCELLED.
>> Guinble: EVEN SO, THOSE
HUMANS AND THEIR CIVILIZATIONS
WERE NO MATCH FOR THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS.
>> Rossiu: NEVERTHELESS,
WE WILL SURVIVE...
BY ANY MEANS NECESSARY.
>> Kinon: 360,000 TO GO.
>> Rossiu: I KNOW.
THE CITIZENS HERE IN KAMINA CITY
WILL BE QUITE DIFFICULT.
>> ADVISOR ROSSIU!
I FOUND THIS FILE IN THE
BIOCOMPUTER’S DEEP‐LEVEL
DATABASE.
>> Rossiu: WHAT IN THE WORLD?
WHERE IS IT?!
>> RIGHT UNDERNEATH KAMINA
CITY’S PARLIAMENT TOWER.
>> Kinon: AMAZING!
>> Rossiu: LEAVE IT TO THE
SPIRAL KING.
HE HAD THIS CARD UP HIS SLEEVE
THE WHOLE TIME.
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
[pounds gavel twice]
>> Rossiu: I WILL HAND DOWN
THE SENTENCE.
SIMON, IS HEREBY CONDEMNED
TO DEATH.
[commotion, shouting]
>> Kittan: WHAT!
HEY, HOLD ON JUST A SECOND!
>> Zorthy: GET REAL!
>> WHAT THE HELL?
>> Jorgun: THIS DON’T MAKE
NO SENSE!
>> Kittan: FIRST OF ALL, IT WAS
CRAZY TO MAKE BALINBOW SIMON’S
DEFENSE ATTORNEY!
AND GUINBLE WAS THE PROSECUTOR,
AND YOU WERE THE JUDGE!
YOU HAD NO INTENTION WHATSOEVER
OF GIVING SIMON A FAIR TRIAL!
[pounds gavel]
>> Rossiu: QUIET IN MY
COURTROOM, LEGAL AFFAIRS CHIEF
KITTAN.
IF WE DON’T SHOW WE’RE WILLING
TO HOLD SOMEONE RESPONSIBLE,
THE POPULACE WON’T BE SATISFIED.
WHO DO YOU SUGGEST WE HOLD
RESPONSIBLE, IF NOT SUPREME
COMMANDER SIMON?
>> Kittan: THAT DOESN’T MEAN
YOU HAVE TO HAVE HIM
PUT TO DEATH!
>> Dayakka: THIS MAY QUIET DOWN
THE UNREST FOR NOW, BUT WHAT
ABOUT AFTERWARDS?
WHAT DO YOU PLAN TO DO ABOUT
THE FALLING MOON?
>> Rossiu: AN EVACUATION PLAN IS
ALREADY UNDER WAY.
TO ENSURE HUMANITY’S SURVIVAL,
WE MUST QUELL THIS FOOLISH
DISTURBANCE AT ONCE AND THEN
TAKE CALM, SWIFT ACTION.
>> Guinble: WITH CHIEF ADVISOR‐‐
NO, NEW SUPREME COMMANDER
ROSSIU AT THE HELM.
[commotion]
>> Kittan: NEW SUPREME
COMMANDER?
IS THIS SOME KIND OF COUP,
ROSSIU?
>> Rossiu: THIS IS NOTHING OF
THE SORT.
ACCORDING TO THE LAW, THE
INSTANT SIMON WAS FOUND GUILTY,
I SUCCEEDED HIM.
>> Simon: BRO...
IF YOU WERE IN MY SHOES,
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
NIA!
[commotion]
>> HOW’D SHE GET HERE?
>> Dayakka: HEY, IT’S NIA!
>> Kittan: IS THIS FOR REAL?!
>> Zorthy: WHERE’D SHE COME
FROM?
>> Nia: WHAT THE ANTI‐SPIRALS
WANT IS ABSOLUTE DESPAIR.
SPIRAL LIFE HAS NO HOPE
OF SURVIVAL.
>> Simon: NIA! WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
ABSOLUTE DESPAIR?
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS
TERRIBLE THING?!
[Simon grunting]
>> Nia: FOR THE NEXT TWO WEEKS,
MEET YOUR END IN SUFFERING AS
YOU CLING DESPERATELY TO LIFE.
>> Simon: NIA, DON’T GO!
[alarm blaring]
>> Rossiu: CYBELA!
WHAT’S HAPPENING?
>> Cybela: I’M DETECTING
A MUGANN ABOVE PLANNED SHELTER
AREA LITTNER.
IT’S A LOT LARGER THAN ANY WE’VE
SEEN BEFORE.
[alarm blaring]
>> TH‐THIS IS LITTNER SECTOR!
A HUGE CLUMP OF MUGANN IS
HEADING THIS WAY!
[weapons firing on broadcast]
AGH! WE’RE UNDER ATTACK!
THEY’RE PULLING OUT ALL
THE STOPS!
THE SHELTER CAN’T TAKE THIS!
REQUESTING IMMEDIATE ASSISTANCE!
HELP US!
[scream cuts off]
[commotion]
>> Guinble: APPARENTLY THE
MUGANN HAVE BEGUN MOVING
TOWARDS KAMINA CITY, SIR.
>> Dayakka: WHAT OF LITTNER?
WHAT’S HAPPENED TO LITTNER?
>> Rossiu: BACK TO THE
OPERATIONS ROOM AT ONCE!
>> Simon: ROSSIU, WAIT.
I WANT YOU TO LET ME GO OUT AND
PILOT GURREN LAGANN.
>> Rossiu: WHAT DID YOU
JUST SAY?
>> Simon: THERE’S ONE WAY FOR US
TO FIGHT THESE THINGS, AND
THAT’S GURREN LAGANN.
YOU KNOW THAT.
>> Guinble: TRYING TO REDEEM
YOURSELF THROUGH A NOBLE
ACT OF HEROISM, ARE YOU?
>> Simon: NO, THAT’S NOT IT!
I JUST WANT TO BE ABLE
TO PROTECT THE CITY!
>> Rossiu: YOU ARE
A CONDEMNED MAN.
AM I SUPPOSED TO ENTRUST A
PRISONER WITH GURREN LAGANN WHEN
HE MIGHT ESCAPE IN IT?
>> Kittan: YOU SON OF A BITCH!
>> Simon: WELL, THEN JUST WIRE
ME WITH A WHOLE BUNCH OF
EXPLOSIVES!
IF I RUN, ALL YOU’LL HAVE TO DO
IS DETONATE IT!
>> Rossiu: GUINBLE.
>> Guinble: SIR.
>> Rossiu: DISENGAGE THE LOCK
ON THE CORE DRILL STOREROOM.
AND DON’T FORGET TO WIRE
GURREN WITH EXPLOSIVES.
DO IT AT ONCE!
>> Simon: GURREN LAGANN
HEADING OUT!
>> Kinon: ROGER THAT.
I AM STANDING BY AND READY
TO GO.
>> Simon: KINON?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOARD
GURREN?
>> Kinon: I WIRED THE DETONATOR
SWITCH FOR THE EXPLOSIVES
TO MY BELT, SIMON.
>> Simon: WHAT?
>> Kinon: PLEASE,
I’M WARNING YOU.
IF YOU TRY ANYTHING FUNNY,
ANYTHING AT ALL, I WILL NOT
HESITATE TO HIT THE SWITCH.
>> Simon: THIS IS CRAZY!
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU’RE DOING?
WHY THE HELL DOES KINON HAVE
TO COME ALONG WITH ME ON THIS?!
>> Rossiu: WITH HER ABOARD,
YOU’LL HAVE NO CHOICE BUT
TO RETURN TO BASE INTACT.
GOING BY YOURSELF, I WOULD
EXPECT YOU TO TRY AND FIND SOME
WAY TO GO OUT IN A HEROIC BLAZE
OF GLORY.
>> Simon: THAT DOESN’T MEAN YOU
NEED TO PUT HER LIFE AT RISK
LIKE THIS, ROSSIU!
>> Kinon: I VOLUNTEERED
TO DO THIS.
>> Simon: KINON?
>> Kinon: IT’S ALL RIGHT.
IF WE MAKE IT BACK,
THERE WON’T BE ANY TROUBLE.
>> Simon: COME HOME SAFE AND
SOUND SO I CAN BE PUT
TO DEATH PROPERLY?
LET’S GO!
>> Kinon: OKAY!
>> Guinble: COMMANDER ROSSIU,
WE ARE READY FOR YOUR BROADCAST.
>> Rossiu: GOOD.
>> HEY, HEY, AIN’T THAT GURREN
LAGANN UP THERE?
>> I THOUGHT SIMON WAS ARRESTED
LAST NIGHT.
WHAT’S GOING ON HERE?
[chime rings]
>> announcer: STAND BY FOR AN
URGENT GOVERNMENT MESSAGE.
I REPEAT, STAND BY FOR AN
>> Rossiu: FELLOW CITIZENS,
A GROUP CALLING THEMSELVES THE
ANTI‐SPIRALS WILL SOON DAMAGE
EARTH’S SURFACE...
BY CAUSING THE MOON TO FALL AND
CRASH INTO OUR PLANET.
IN RESPONSE TO THIS NEWS,
THE NEW GOVERNMENT PRESSED
CHARGES AGAINST FORMER COMMANDER
SIMON.
AS A RESULT OF HIS TRIAL TODAY,
HE WAS SENTENCED TO DEATH.
>> Simon: THERE IT IS!
I’M NOT LETTING THAT THING GET
ANYWHERE NEAR KAMINA CITY!
I’LL STOP IT HERE,
WHATEVER IT TAKES!
>> Rossiu: I HAVE RECENTLY
DISPATCHED FORMER COMMANDER
SIMON IN GURREN LAGANN TO
INTERCEPT THE MUGANN THAT HAVE
APPEARED OUTSIDE KAMINA CITY.
BUT I WANT TO ASSURE YOU HE IS
COMPLETELY UNDER THE NEW
GOVERNMENT’S CONTROL.
WE ARE ABLE TO BLOW UP GURREN
LAGANN SHOULD HE EXHIBIT ANY
SUSPICIOUS BEHAVIOR WHATSOEVER.
>> Kiyal: OH, SON OF A‐‐
ROSSIU, YOU JERK!
>> Rossiu: TO PROTECT ITS
CITIZENS FROM THE IMPENDING
LUNAR IMPACT, THE GOVERNMENT
WILL CARRY OUT A LARGE‐SCALE
EVACUATION.
CITIZENS AROUND THE WORLD WILL
BE EVACUATED TO 36 GIANT
UNDERGROUND SHELTERS.
RESIDENTS OF KAMINA CITY, WHICH
HAS NO SHELTER, WILL TEMPORARILY
LEAVE THE PLANET’S STRATOSPHERE
IN THE SUPER DREADNAUGHT
SPACE DAI‐GUN.
I GIVE YOU THAT SPACE DAI‐GUN.
BEHOLD ARC‐GURREN!
[commotion]
>> Rossiu: HAVE FAITH IN THE NEW
GOVERNMENT!
THE ANTI‐SPIRALS WON’T WIN!
NO MATTER WHAT THEY TRY TO DO,
WE’LL SURVIVE!
[cheering]
[chanting, "Rossiu"]
>> YEAH! ALL RIGHT!
>> THIS WILL KEEP US ALIVE!
[chanting, "Rossiu"]
>> Kinon: SIMON!
THE MUGANN HAVE TURNED AROUND
AND ARE NOW HEADING THIS WAY!
>> Simon: THAT’S WHAT I WANT.
NOW LET’S DRAW THEM AWAY FROM
THE CITY!
THESE GUYS ARE PRETTY SLOW.
BRING THE SPEED DOWN SO THEY
CAN KEEP UP.
>> Kinon: RIGHT!
>> Simon: THE BEAMS
HAVE STOPPED.
AH, NOW THEY’RE JUST
SHOWING OFF.
NOT GOOD.
THESE THINGS HAVE GOT US HEADING
TOWARDS KAMINA CITY AGAIN!
>> Kinon: SIMON!
THAT BIG MUGANN UP THERE HAS
STAYED AT A DISTANCE THIS WHOLE
TIME!
IT’S POSSIBLE THAT IT’S THEIR
CONTROL TOWER!
>> Simon: I FOLLOW YOU.
LET’S TEST THAT OUT!
YOU ARE MINE!
NIA!
>> Nia: GOOD‐BYE, SIMON.
>> Simon: UGH! WE’RE SURROUNDED!
>> Kinon: IF THIS MANY FIRE
AT US AT ONCE, ONE GIGA DRILL
WON’T BE ENOUGH TO DEFLECT
THEM ALL!
>> Simon: THEN WE’LL JUST HAVE
TO USE MORE THAN ONE!
GIGA...
DRILL...
MAXIMUM!
[groaning and screaming]
[soft beeping]
[Simon groaning]
Simon: KINON, ARE YOU OKAY?
KINON!
[Kinon groans]
>> Kinon: YES.
YES, I’M ALL RIGHT.
>> Simon: DAMN.
THE BIG ONE’S STILL ALIVE.
IT’S NO USE.
I CAN’T MOVE.
DAMN IT!
>> Gimmy: WHEW!
MADE IT JUST IN TIME!
>> Simon: GIMMY!
>> Gimmy: SORRY TO KEEP YOU
WAITING!
NOW WE’LL SHOW YOU WHAT THE
GRAPEARLS CAN DO!
LET’S DO IT!
TORNADO FORMATION!
>> Darry: SPIRAL BOMBER,
FIRING NOW!
>> Gimmy: ERECTING
TORNADO SHIELD!
[commotion]
>> Tetsukan: LEERON, IT WORKED!
THEY DID IT!
>> Ron: MAKING IT IN TIME
IS WHAT THEY DO.
>> Simon: KINON.
I’M SORRY.
>> Kinon: HUH?
[no audio]
>> Simon: WHAT I SAW...
THAT WAS NOT THE NIA
I USED TO KNOW.
[soft hip‐hop playing]
♪ ♪
>> Rossiu: CORE DRILL, PLEASE.
GURREN LAGANN WILL BE SCRAPPED.
WE WILL NO LONGER RELY ON YOU.
>> Simon: I UNDERSTAND.
♪ ♪
>> Kittan: SIMON!
SIMON!
ROSSIU!
>> Rossiu: HMM?
>> Kittan: YOU BASTARD!
WHAT ARE DOING TO MY SISTER?
THAT BOMB YOU TALKED ABOUT,
THAT WAS KINON?
IS THAT HOW YOU DO THINGS?
YOU’RE GONNA PAY.
YOU ARE REALLY GONNA PAY!
>> Kinon: DO NOT GET THE WRONG
IDEA, BROTHER.
THE REASON I SAID I’D GO,
THE REASON I SAID I WAS WILLING
TO GO OUT THERE WITH THE BOMB
WAS BECAUSE I WANTED TO BE OF
USE TO ROSSIU.
>> Kittan: KINON?
>> Kinon: LISTEN TO ME, BROTHER.
YOU DON’T UNDERSTAND ANYTHING
ABOUT ROSSIU.
>> Viral: WELL, WELL,
LOOK WHO WE HAVE HERE.
WELCOME TO PRISON LIFE...
SUPREME COMMANDER.
[metal clangs]
[men singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Rossiu: HOPE CAN CHANGE TO
DESPAIR IN AN INSTANT.
THE BEST OPTION TURNS INTO THE
WORST CHOICE.
EVEN SO, I MAKE THE DECISION.
AND THEN THEY WILL.
NEXT TIME, ON GURREN LAGANN,
"HOW FAR WILL GOD TEST US?"